# Database Final Project Section 615
Wenqian Xu (wxu51), Chenyu Zhang (czhan146)

The domain of our database is highly related to “European Soccer”, containing core tables like “Players, Teams, Leagues, Matches” and secondary tables like “Stadium, Injury, etc”. When designing the E-R model, we endow detailed attributes including several highly related entities, such as Player Attributes, Team Attributes, Country Injuries and Stadium, etc.

# Data Extraction:
The main dataset named “European Soccer Database” we use in our project is from https://www.kaggle.com/hugomathien/soccer, which includes 25k+ matches, players & teams attributes for European Professional Football. Besides, we integrate several external datasets such as ”soccer-players-injuries” showing history per player in european soccer league from https://www.kaggle.com/eliesemmel/soccerplayersinjuries, and “Football (Soccer) Stadiums” listing football (soccer) stadiums all across the world with their capacity and other informations from https://data.world/johayes13/football-soccer-stadiums. What’s more, we apply players and teams attributes from EA Sports FIFA games, which helps us analyze, evaluate a player or a team’s ability. This will mean a lot to finish our task: player ranking, team ranking and match outcome prediction. Different datasets from different data sources have different id to quote their objects, therefore, we develop several methods to join them into our final dataset. For example, to combine the Injury Dataset and Player relation from European Soccer Database, we based on player name and date of birth to make sure two tuples are pointing to the same player. We also perform data cleaning to remove null values in our table, since those null values will influence the final prediction results. Those redundant and irrelevant attributes are removed from tables. And we also achieve data normalization: an example is we split a tuble to several tuples since one player can have more than one injury record. The final dataset is composed of Player_Attributes, Player, Match, League, Country, Team, Team_Attributes, Stadium and Injury.
